Wrangler2 release (#3909)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/workers-kv.md

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Workers KV
weight: 3
---

## Workers KV

The Wrangler `kv:...` commands allow you to manage application data in the Cloudflare network to be accessed from Workers using [Workers KV](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/workers-kv/).

> KV operations are scoped to your account, so in order to use any of these commands, you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KV operations are scoped to your account, so in order to use any of these commands, you must:
```

> - must configure and `account_id` in your project's `wrangler.toml` file or set the `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` environment variable.
> - run all `wrangler kv:<command>` operations in your terminal from the project's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure an `account_id` in your project's `wrangler.toml` file or set the `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` environment variable.
- Run all `wrangler kv:<command>` operations in your terminal from the project's root directory.
```

> ### Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get started
```
